1|
# Post Purge Post

I purged my original blog. The reason for that is because
I have a burning hate of PDF textbooks that are merely scanned
copies of a physical edition. They are poorly optimized
and often convoluted with excessive text crammed onto a
giant piece of paper. After going through the beginner
Android tutorial, I got inspired to revise my webpage to match
their format. However, I went down a rabbit hole for a month or
two. Probably should have been working on open source/leetcode
/job hunting, but oh well. This was a necessary sacrifice.

I ended up creating a search function for my static webpage
and added tag, basic searching, and other features. I also
made the posts that you search for capable of being rendered
in a mobile friendly way and have a simple version of a table
of contents. I wanted to make nested table of content entries,
but I'll do it in a later update.

Also, now I finally feel inspired to write a tutorial. I'll
do it in a short while. I promise. Maybe....

TODO

- localization of footer
- add old college projects
- Fix search function load up delay (e.g. debounce only in the class state? or have cache in UI)
- add that hint text in search bar
- fix tag display in cards when there is too many rendered (e.g. crop it, maybe use that one hook)
- Add cool sliding transitions when you change pages
- Add stylized theme switcher (also, learn how to stylize a switch + make tutorial on it)
- make tool for making JSON posts
- log user HREF clicks for posts they read and log it into local storage
- render local storage read posts into the front page and display a last read section if they clicked any posts to quickly revisit
- log the page number they end on when they change pages on a post
- other stuff I forgot to add... It's somewhere in my notes I think... Probably should make a kanban board
- Make a kanban board
- Add loading animations between search
- Add error boundaries
- Add the first page content render of metadata and description
- Add better language code support [Language Code Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_code)

Also, WRITE MORE POSTS TO FILL IN EMPTY SPACE