2|
# General Cleanup and Moving on

This post is about certain bugs in the webpage and potential future features. 
Also, future plans.

## Issues with Webpage

I've mostly been tweaking the webpage a bit to add a bit more flair/transitions.
I'm not sure if I should be using CSS or MUI transition components.
MUI seems easier to use, but the issue is if you go back a page.
You'll notice jumping. 
It seems to be a snapping effect when you mount a component above, it pushes the component below.
Added with the transition down, it adds a weird behavior.
It might be avoidable using CSS to have all components mounted, and just transition it down.
However, it might be inefficient to have potentially hundreds of pages open all at once just for a graphical flair.

There also seems to be issues with coloring. 
The card/paper colors aren't contrastive enough from one another, so I'll have to add custom styles from the theme pallete to get it working better.

## Additional Features to Work On

On top of the ones listed above, this is a list of additional features I might consider in the future.

- Better ARIA accessibility. Many of my components don't have proper labels and such. For blind people, audio narration might not work properly. I should test it blind.
- Better theme coloring + contrast. I should test it out under different color blindness spectrums. Maybe just black and white blindness is enough to verify accessibility of my webpage.
- Better focus content. May of my items don't focus or transition from one another. It's not good for accessibility if someone needs to use it.
- Fixing the tags modal menu. The thing doesn't fill the width part of the screen properly.
- Adding a themed switch for light and dark. Might just copy the MUI themed switch, but I want to learn how they do it first.
- Animated Background. Mostly something I wanted to do cause yeah.
- Add tools. I guess for the video games I play, I want some tools to help analyze data and such.
- Add a 3D model render. I might 3D model for my video games from time to time, so being able to display my work is a plus.
- Recording user link posts and storing it in local storage so you can quickly access posts you've read from the home screen. Probably unnecessary given this page probably gets 0 people visiting, but I think it be a cool feature.
- Removing loading screen for cached search entries. There is a guaranteed 500ms loading animation everytime someone changes the search input. This is because it doesn't query the cache first before the debounce kicks in and waits a moment before querying the cache, then performing the search engine. The cache can be placed into the UI instead of the search interface, but I'm lazy.
- Adding language support for footer text
- Adding language support for sort by text
- Figure out a good format for my post mortem college posts. I'll need to draft some copies before I upload it.
- Create an RPG stats page or something. IDK why, but I remembered someone from high school who kept a notebook to act like they were a hero in an RPG game. I thought it might be interesting to do something like that.

## Moving On

Okay, I haven't been doing much. 
I recently been pouring a lot of time into this webpage. 
I learned a fair bit about unit testing and MUI stuff.
Learning about web workers was also interesting and making a search feature was also enjoyable. 
Hopefully I'll finish writing my tutorial, but I think I'm going to move on to some other project this week.
I just need to get my mind off this project. 
Too much React and MUI. Need a break and clear my mind. 

Is this a weird thing?
I tend to only be able to focus on one thing, and it sorta consumes me sometimes.
I was doing Leetcode and applying to jobs, but then I started working on this webpage and I just dropped it.
Like nothing else was important. 
This might be my bad habits from college.
Focusing on one thing and only being able to handle one thing a day.
Video games have also gotten stale recently, so I might try making my video game.
The one barrier so far though, 3D modelling/2D art. 
Still refuse to make a game using assets online.

Okay, so moving on. 
I think I have to start balancing out my schedule.
I have to do 2 things, LeetCode and job hunting.
I also should start working on an open source project.
I might give minetest another crack, but I hate the C++ build process.
That was an absolute turn off last time I finally figured it out.
I'll also take on my own personal project, like a game to balance it out.

I'm not sure what my personal project will be after my blog.
I've narrowed it down to maybe a few options.
- general machine learning research - IDK, maybe making a lego classifier using CNNs or something. Probably use Python in TensorFlow + Keras.
- simple PyGame - A cafe game I had in mind. It would be star dew valley-esque in terms of art and controls, but that be it.
- Mobile App - honestly, sorta lost motivation on this. Though, I did find a Kotlin tutorial book so I might resume trying to make a bookmark app. I'll post it on github if I ever go through with it.
- Full Stack Webpage - I was going to learn NextJS or something and make a few party games using it or something.

I was trying to do all of these, but I'm too inefficient and I was spreading myself thin.
OOoh, maybe I should make a schedule tool to help me plan better.