4|
# New Year Post

_Created: December 9th, 2023_

_Updated: December 10th, 2023_

Happy new year!
I hope everyone reading this is having a good time.
I haven't been doing too well recently. 
Bombed another interview.
My anxiety tends to get the best of me, also I think I suck at interviews. 
Staying at home and doing nothing but learning and working independent projects probably isn't good for my anxiety. 
I might start working at a restaurant or something.
I hope the sushi store opening soon hires me.
I like sushi.

Anyways, Have you made any new years goals? 
I hope you made some good ones, because I think I finally have some direction now.
Aside from becoming better at speaking, which I still don't know how to do aside from working at a sushi store. I've recently outlined what I plan to do for at least the next few months.

## Goal 1 - C++ Game Engine

I'll be shifting to more game development related stuff. 
I'm working on a C++ Engine, though I'm not sure what the engine should specialize in.
I'm thinking of RPG Maker type engine or an engine like Terraria, though I'll worry about it when it comes down to the game I want to make.
I've recently come across meta-programming in C++ through variadic template lists in some examples implementing the entity component system.

I hate it. 

C++ sucks.

It's a terrible language, but I'm going to keep trying to learn it.
It seems like OOP inheritance, but to the next level of terrible-ness.

Despite that, I've come to realize something about modelling in software.
OOP sucks. 
I refuse to ever make a game following it, unless it's simple as heck.
Apparently most games use something called the __Entity Component System__, which is somewhat based off of __Data Oriented Design__, which is meant to reduce cache misses.

As far as it seems to me, it's sorta like Unity's component system but slightly different.
Even unity calls the Entity Component System completely different from their normal way of programming.

## Goal 2 - Java Spring Boot API + Backend System

I've also realized that I don't know how to write an API.
So I'm going to learn Java's Spring framework for API building.
Not sure what database to use, since I'm going to be making a video game webpage.
Though I wanted to do a real-time game, I might have to tone it down a notch since REST APIs use TCP, which is not optimal due to automatic buffering and retransmissions. 
Also, the high load on the API network having user login traffic with game instance data might clog up the API node, so it's better to have some sort of game server hosting instance that's capable of running the authoritative games dynamically though some sort of leasing through the API queries.

Yeah, no.

I'm just going to make a simple webpage.

Something like an RPG web hosting, where there are dungeon masters and players.
Dungeon masters can create game instances, text players what happens in their worlds, or pre-populate their worlds with more automatic turn based actions.
I guess this allows either linear or open world type dungeon masters with multiple people, based on the skills of the dungeon master.

## Goal 3 - Finally Getting Around to Open Source Projects... Maybe

I've also been looking around GitHub. 
There are a lot of cool open source projects I want to work on, but anxiety.
Also, no clue to where to start.
I'm still trying to figure out a good way to set up Minetest on my PC to simplify development.
Maybe it's procrastination, maybe it's from me taking a week off to binge play a video game, or maybe it's the thing that ticks me off the most is trying to properly set up a clean not scuffed development environment that irritates me the most in C++.

Anyways, I've learned that Visual Studio has CMake built in now, but it's difficult trying to figure out how to get it compiling the binaries to the place I want it to.
It seems like you use some sort of ```.json``` configuration file, but I haven't been able to figure that out yet.
It's only been a day so far, and I've already outlined a lot of reading ahead.
I also have no clue how CMake works other than as a cross platform build tool to compile it to multiple platforms, but it seems more like the backend compilation step instead of something necessary while working on the source files.

## Goal 4 - Everything Else

I've also been working on my 3D modelling skills and 2D figure drawing. 
Hopefully I can make some characters for a game.

Oh right, as with all stereotypical new year goals.
I'm going to try to lose weight.

Also, as with my goal since I've graduate, it's to get a job.
