7|
# Game Webpage Progress Update 1

_Created: March 10th, 2023_

I hope everyone's had a good Friday!
My hands are bleeding and I had to drive +40 minutes during rush hour despite not having a job.

On the plus side, I've recently made progress in creating an API.
I made it in Spring Boot, and I got basic CRUD operations with DDL on a MariaDB database.
I decided to skip all diagrams, because screw diagrams.
So tired of speculating and designing things, I decided to just hop right in.
It took 2 tutorials, before I was able to get up and running.
There are still a lot of other things I still have yet to learn.

I currently use Maven to handle all the spring boot modules or libraries (not sure what they call them).
My packages are as follows.
- Spring Web - for the REST API framework.
- JDBC API - for the basic database connections, also so I can flex my SQL proficiency... LOL
- Flyway Migration - for migration stuff, also cause I saw it in a tutorial and seemed really useful.
- MariaDB Driver - for MariaDB connectivity.
- Validation - for class input parameter validation, so like if the user passes in a database correct object or API correct format.

At the moment, my database has 3 tables as shown below.

```sql
CREATE DATABASE accountsDB;

CREATE TABLE accounts (
    userId INT NOT NULL auto_increment PRIMARY KEY,
    username VARCHAR(255),
    password BINARY(255)
);

CREATE TABLE games(
    gameId INT NOT NULL auto_increment PRIMARY KEY,
    startTime DATETIME,
    success BOOLEAN,
    type ENUM('default', 'custom', 'party')
);

CREATE TABLE sessions(
    gameId INT NOT NULL,
    userId INT NOT NULL,
    alive BOOLEAN,
    PRIMARY KEY(gameId, userId),
    FOREIGN KEY(gameId) references games(gameId),
    FOREIGN KEY(userId) references accounts(userId)
);
```

It's not a complex system, but I don't intend to do much with accounts at the moment other than storing cool user moments.

## Accounts Table

Each user can have an account.
Accounts are either to store user session data to be able to review old statistics or to add monetized features to the webpage.
I was thinking of a different game mode that would be a derivative of the original game that I might be able to monetize instead for a subscription fee, but I'm thinking way into the future.

I completely forgot to add emails to an account, but after some reflection.
I realized from a family friend that not everyone has an email, so I don't want to limit people who have accounts to have an email.
It might be better as a suggestion than a requirement.

Each username is at max 255 characters.
I don't expect anyone to have a username any longer than that.

The password thing is a little weird.
Since security isn't as much of an issue (like why would you hack a random account with no money attached), I plan on using sha256 (which I just realized was 256 bits instead of 255).
I also just realized that each ```BINARY``` is a byte and not a bit.
I think I need to revise this later, when I get a better grasp on the password system.

I guess I should consider adding PayPal or some form of external payment system to the API.
The reason is so I don't have to worry about data safety standards, since there are regulations and stuff if you do handle payments yourself.
Maybe having a Patreon might be a better solution to funding the webpage hosting.
Honestly, cost is my biggest concern for when I deploy it.

## Games Table & Sessions Table

Originally, I planned on having just wins and loses stored within the player's table.
I decided to expand upon that idea, because the model was a little too simple.
Also, I wanted to be able to eventually store more information, so players could see previously stored images or titles they've done in games so their experience are more than just a statistic.

Sessions are really just to join the games and accounts table together, since it's a many-to-many relationship.
An intersection table is required to join them.

## Obscure Thoughts

Really hope nobody uses this to hack the server later on.
I'm not sure if Spring Boot can handle SQL Injection attacks, so I'll have to test it out later on.
I haven't really decided whether to make this be a generic account solution, or have this specific to my game.
I think I might have this be a centralized account system for my other party game ideas, so I can have multiple webpages and domains use this account system.
I think I might have this be specialized, since I wanted to stored record data of the user's sessions. 
Game specific stored information might be difficult to uncouple from the user storage, unless there was some way to maybe homogenize information across games, separate the game information in a game specific solution, or to just not store it at all.

## Additional SQL Notes

I already know SQL from a former class in college.
The DDL is simple, so the queries are simple.
I've only used 1 ```JOIN``` so far, so I don't think it's worth showing any of the code.

## Additional Plans

I need an email authentication system.
I need to set up a SMTP system maybe on the API or some external server to send and authenticate email accounts.

I also need to make sure guest accounts (with usernames) also get logged???? Maybe??
I was thinking it might be nice to see who played with you in each game, but hm...
I might just want to leave data collection to only signed in accounts.

I also need to fix passwords. 
I haven't implemented password salting, hashing, and stuff. 
It doesn't even upload passwords to the database properly, but I don't think accounts are super important right now.
I'll deal with this later.

After I get familiar with Redis, I think I might want to use that to cache information from MariaDB, since it offers that.
I'll revisit this idea later if performance is really an issue.

I also should worry about account banning. 
Due to the structure of my data, I could just append a banned date field that will restrict account access to the server for a set date.

I guess a cool feature might be a friend's list. 
Make it easier to join a friend's active game session, by opening your friend's list to see.
If this were to happen, a separate feature to block people or unfriend might be necessary.
It also make the data more complex if we're adding active game sessions and friend tables and block tables.
I might want to consider exploring alternative database solutions, since I don't think a friend and block list would scale well.
Mostly unwarranted speculation, but I might want to just expand my horizon before I take this next step.

I just realized something. 
It might be better to have this be a NoSQL database.
It's because of the non-homogenous data that might get passed in if I scale this up.
I might want to store highlights from other games on the same accounts, so a JSON collection might be better to store irregular data.

## Next Week's Goal

For next week, I plan on focusing on the front end component.
I'm going to set up a simple account system, home landing page, and such.
I might as well learn something new and use the NextJS framework I heard about.
Hopefully, I learn more about server side rendering and client side rendering, since I've heard a bit about how you could control it using NextJS.
Although, I did hear about it in React itself, so maybe...

Afterwards, I will focus on Redis, RabbitMQ, and socket programming on websites to stream realtime data.
I'll need to set up the actual game instances afterwards.