1|
# Purging Portfolio in 2025

_Created: June 13th, 2025_

This blog was created after college. It was made in a dark time where I wanted to keep myself busy while I was searching for work, because I had the unfortunate experience of graduating without an internship or job offer. after 1 year of searching, I have a job now at Systems Planning and Analysis, so I'm doing much better now.

However, I decided to revisit this blog as part of my personal growth and journey as a developer. Looking back now, I hate it. It uses the create-react-app template, which is out of date and has a markdown parsing system running on duct tape and prayers. I'd move to NextJS and gray matter, but the time cost of migrating all my original features I developed would be a waste of time just to fix some vulnerabilities for a static webpage. 

Looking closer into what I hated with the blog, I think the bigger issue was that I didn't have any meaningful content or direction to take this blog to. I mostly had a bunch of old college projects of dabbling in various different things, but nothing concrete to share that was fresh in my mind. I stopped working on side projects when I started my job, but now that I have more free time. I've been working on various other side projects like remaking my parent's fabric website, AI image to sound conversion, and the various books I'm reading. 

My old posts have been purged to archive, so now I'm going to have it be more of a portfolio with more up to date side projects I'm working on. Albeit, I still need to figure out how I attached my resume originally. I also might make some minor UI changes along the way, but don't expect anything meaningful. I prefer to leave this bucket of bolts untouched else it takes my brain with it. I'll also keep it more professional and about code, projects, and programming books than about job hunting. 