m3|
# End of Week Summary Report

I wasn't really productive this week. 
I just really didn't feel like doing anything, maybe it's because of the heat or the daily 2 hour carpool to help my parents navigate the high way on a daily basis.

I also didn't record anything on what I did. 
I'm currently recalling all memories of this week, since it was so trivial. 
I think I did 1 or 2 things a day, so my days were really unproductive.

## Post Week Bullet Point Summary

- 3-4 Leetcode easy problems completed
- compiled minetest code and started reading documentation
- created simple indoor sprite sheet for pygame cafe game.

## Blog Post Feature Ideas

A common feature I find useful on comic webpages is to sort
the data by last updated, last posted, first posted, first updated,
sorted by name ascending, sorted by name descending, and so on.

Another feature is to filter by tags.

In order to accomplish these functional features, we'll need to store
metadata into the markdown files.

In order to store metadata within the markdown files, I'll use the
first line with vertical bars to delineate different sections. This sorta forces
a strict syntax on the markdown files that can possibly crash the 
page if improperly handled, but it seems the most convenient way to
introduce tags and metadata for the user without forcing the writer
to handle too much responsiblity.

A cool alternative I have in mind is to parse the metadata within the file itself to get the last modified, creation, and other dates/times.
It might be too difficult to implement without wasting a full day researching into the subject, so I'll go with my first option forcing users to use vertical bars to add date time as well.

**I use the vertical bar to split the whole text file, but that also puts a character restriction on what characters are allowed or not. I'll use ~ to notate the vertical bar symbol, since it'll break this post if I don't.**

### Proposed Metadata Line Structure

```
<File Type + id #> ~ <File Title> ~ <Date Created> ~ <Date Modified> ~ <tags> ~ <author> ~ <progress %> ~
```

```File Type``` is really a single character value of 'p', 'm', or 't'; corresponding to 'projects', 'main posts', or 'tutorials'. 

The following ```id #``` is just a unique integer id for each grouping to be able to have a unique key value to be able to access it through the web browser.

```tags``` is simply a series of comma delineated strings.

```progress %``` is simply the percent completion of a project. This will appear as a progress bar on the project and it'll only appear if a valid integer value is passed. If it is anything or less than 0, then it'll be omitted from rendering.

### Pygame Tileset

I think I wasted my Friday working on this. 
I won't post images or screenshots of it yet, but I created a simple indoor tileset that I think I'll use for my cafe game.

### Minetest Initial Thoughts

Wow. That was a lot of code to take in. I'm not sure I'll be able to do anything related to this project within the next month, just cause of how large the project and how unfriendly C++ is to read. I'll be focusing on reading the documentation on their wiki for now, but there's a lot I don't know about in C++, like the first issue reading the code was trying to figure out what Logging was. Took me an hour to realize I was reading the CMake altered version packaged for vs code meant for being built than their original source code, cause I could not find it when I was reading it. 

### Additional TODO

Fix markdown font to be more dynamic and readable. I flat out can't tell the difference between 

**bold** 

and 

### header 3.