9|
# Game Webpage Progress Update 3

_Posted: 4/2/2023_

Sadly, I didn't think of anything fun for April Fools day.
Instead, I've been on the receiving end a whole bunch recently, like 25% of the YouTube videos I saw today were April Fool pranks that I didn't realize till the end of the video.

I finished a tutorial on Spring Boot validation, and it seems interesting.
It's interesting that a database is used to maintain logged in users and web tokens are used to validate each package sent between server and client.
In another video, I saw the dangers of having a web token stolen.
It seems odd that they don't have like a hash chain to change the session token with each interaction, so even if a third party client got the token.
It would have been outdated with the next webpage call.
Alternatively, it introduced the idea of greater user control on client lock down.
Furthermore, in spring boot, there seems to be an all-ready set up system for system authentication and validation.
However, there are just too many built-in classes that I don't know where to get started or how to use them properly.

The video did cover it, but I just didn't absorb the information or understand the logic well.
A few classes rely on inheritance or interfaces for required methods to have they working properly with Java Spring Boot's systems.
This seems to be mostly for password expectations or session information.
JWT also seems weird, since it's a hashed information package?
Actually, I don't think I understood web tokens that well.
I really got to revisit it, because this was way too much to take in from just a single tutorial.
In the future, I plan on reading Spring Boot's documentation on this, but for now I'll focus on game interactions with a client.

I will focus on interactions like game creation, game interactions, drops, and game completion.
I plan on using Redis for the game backend, since it's an in memory database that features high speed key-value storage.
Simple and easy for a game.
I also will need to use a library to handle Web Socket information.
I've seen 2 options on Spring Boot's website, but I'm sorta frustrated that web sockets ONLY use TCP packets.
I guess it's more secure.
The 2 options I saw were RSocket and Java Spring Boot's STOMP implementation?
Confusing, but I'll report which one seems to be easier or maybe more suited for the webpage.

For the front end, the game isn't going to be complicated.
However, I might have a canvas to render complex map information and just use some custom components, since it's going to be similar to JackBox.
It's mostly user interactions between that are on a user's individual device.

Oh right, one thing I forgot to remember. 
I was going to have 3 options for game hosting.
1) ONLY the host gets an active game screen and active audio
2) EVERY user gets an active game screen and active audio
3) EVERY user gets an active game screen, but only the host gets an active audio

All devices get sub audio if they're playing.

The purpose of these 3 modes is because there are many different environments people might play a party game.
In front of a TV, but not everyone has a TV or are in a position to connect a device to the TV.
Maybe they're all far away, but don't want to watch someone's crappy 720p stream and audio of the game.
It might just save them power to watch the game intro from their own device.

Anyways, many things to consider. 
Too little time and attention span to waste.

## Unrelated Stuff that also Happened

Sorry I didn't post last weekend.
I was emotional exhausted. 
It started from an interview with a consulting company, and they asked if I was okay with moving out.
I wasn't sure at the time.
I'm still really unsure if I am now, but my parents were really insistent I pursue the opportunity.
They kept telling me to reschedule the interview, because they wanted to see the contract instead of me telling them the details they already laid out.
It really threw me off for a while, because it felt like these weren't my choices anymore.
I really don't like the idea of moving out to another state to work in a contracting company for 50k a year for 2 years with a 35k penalty, especially with my family's dogs being old at this time. 
I'm not sure what I'd do if they passed away while I'm stuck in the middle of nowhere unable to go back to see them cause of my job.

Anyways, It took a few days, but I convinced them that I'm going to do graduate school instead.
Not sure this is better if I go out of state, but at least they'll be more flexible.
I think I'll try to go for machine learning/AI research, since that's one of the reasons I double majored in Mathematics.
It seems a GRE isn't required in most schools, but I might do it anyways.
It's the only way to get my parents off my back for the time being, but I also have to get a part time job as well.
I wonder how much time I'll have to work on my full stack webpage project once I get a part time job.
Probably not a lot, but ugh.