6|
# Deep Reflection & Update

_Created: March 3rd, 2023_
_Updated: Mark 13th, 2023_

I'm very fucked.
It's been 9 months so far.
No job, no experience, no significant projects.
I got rejected from an unpaid internship for not having enough experience.
Out of a hundred or so entry level positions I applied to, I think I only got a few call backs and all rejections.
Honestly, I'm worried that I'm going in the wrong direction at this point in life.
I sometimes wonder if I should just give up.

I guess on the plus side, I finally got my drivers license, opened a bank account, and gotten my own room at my parents house where I can focus in peace (ish). 
Honestly, I'm not sure why my priorities were graduate then get driver's license and open bank account.
Could have used the bank account to create an AWS account, but I guess I'm doing everything on docker instead.

I'm in bed now, typing instead of sleeping.
I've been thinking about ways to get out of this bind.
I recall that a friend freshman year mentioned they made a full stack app and got a job after that.
Some people online seem to consistently mention doing that increases your chance at getting a job.
I've decided to abandon all my other projects and plans related to anything graphically focused or video games, and focus all on this game webpage idea that I had.

I hope this works.
I'll give myself a 1 month deadline, so by the end of this month.
I'll should have a working webpage and not just a fucking stupid static page.

## The Plan

I like JackBox.
It's pretty much the only fun thing to do when you're dragged to an Asian house party stuck with a bunch of people about 5-12 years younger than you.
Hard to interact with anyone without a proper reason, like a game.
That's why I wanted to make a Jackbox-like game.

I have some ideas on what the tech stack will be.
The next issue is learning it. 

My stack will be JavaScript using NextJS framework as the front end.
NextJS can be a backend as well, but I want to keep the webpage hosting and APIs separate.
Also, I just wanted it to seem fancier, using another language for the back end.
Probably shooting myself in the foot doing this, but oh well.

I'll use Java Spring Boot as the backend to handle the API calls.
I might use RabbitMQ to have a microservice architecture where it gets separated into account, lobbies, game instances, and map makers.

The issue with a JackBox like game is that you need some sort of socket connection. 
I'm thinking of using RSockets so I can future proof the project to handle much more intense real-time systems.
I hope it doesn't just use TCP though.

Also, revisiting the idea of each microservice API.
I was thinking of using the following storage method for each.
WARNING: I'm gonna throw out Redis multiple times, cause I'm still really uncertain what it is specifically.
- accounts - This would use mariaDB for storing simple account information and general game stats. I could use PostgreSQL, but I don't really need to store object relations. This might just be a simple table, and mariaDB being more lightweight might be a better option. Performance is also not an issue for this, since it's not a real-time system.
- lobbies - I'm thinking of just using Redis for this. A simple NoSQL object where it stores the people within the object and there is a TTL for the instance.
- game instances - Redis again, since APIs are non-stateful. I'm sorta worried how RSocket would be able to interface. I've seen examples of it working in ExpressJS for a party, but I'm not so sure about in Java Spring Boot. I'll swap to Express to handle this microservice if necessary. RabbitMQ might be able to help with redirecting the user to their target API, but that might make it complicated. Now sure how RabbitMQ works, so I'll have to compare it to gRPC. 
- map makers - This is more of an optional feature I plan to add later. I guess it'll use a NoSQL document storage structure. It's due to the variability of a map that might introduce issues. I'm planning on testing if MongoDB, Firebase, or just PostgreSQL could be viable for this.

I feel a lot better writing this out.
I'm not sure why, but I was having some real dark thoughts trying to fall asleep in the darkness. 
It feels like I have a solid plan, now I just gotta work on it daily like my daily Duolingo grind.

I might be hoping on the microservice thing maybe too early in development, but I sorta want to try it out just for the heck of it.
Since I got so much free time, I can waste a little more trying and learning more things.

Honestly, getting this done in a month is probably a dream at this point.
I'm going to set things small, and work incrementally from there. 
I'll update weekly on my progress. 
I'll post it to github when I feel confident enough to show to people.

My current end of week (technically next week, since I wasted this week) is to create a user account system.
Creating an account, deleting an account, and the account API working. 
Optional Stretch goals is to get email notifications, pseudo statistic test cases, and maybe some graphs to accompany the player statistics. 

*Edit: Changed the word "Back" to "Bank".