10|
# Game Webpage Progress 4

_Created: April 13th, 2023, 1:20 AM_

I keep forgetting to write update posts.
Honestly, broadcasting random messages to the world is probably not on the top of my TODO while searching for a job.
Actually, this whole blog is very out of character for me. 

Right, what did I do this past week...

## What I Think I Did

I was exploring different messaging solution, like RabbitMQ, Kakfa, and Redis.
I didn't test any of them, but I'm just going to go with Redis for now.
It seems there are trades and balances between RabbitMQ and Kafka, like Kafka being better for bulk data management which seems like a good thing for data analysis and engineering.
It also seemed like Redis has it's own thing, and sorta can do Kafka.
It seems RabbitMQ or maybe one of it's close counter parts are designed to be scaleable brokers, so you could easily scale the brokering services with your Microservices maybe?
Not sure, since this is all speculation.
I'm just going through with Redis, and I already did a tutorial on it.
The configuration for all seems vaguely similar, but maybe more details will appear when I actually begin to use it.

Also I decided to design the primary architecture for the webpage. There is a game server and a game server broker.
Game servers handle host and player inputs, while game brokers are responsible for maintaining the list of active rooms and game servers.
Game servers send heartbeat packets to the game server broker to notify the game server broker that they exist and are up and running.
The game servers also send room session information, like active sessions to the broker so a list of rooms are available for retrieval.
This is mostly speculation now, but I was thinking that the game server broker can have a master-client type architecture (apologies if the term is antiquated, but I forgot the new term for it).
The master node merely needs to focus on updating their list of brokers and sending this list to slave nodes, and clients can query the slave nodes for which server to join.
I'm not sure how to do this at the moment, so I'll just leave this on the back of my mind for now.

The messaging is a little tricky to think about, but not too hard once you've identified the best path.
Although, thinking up a bunch of catches is a little difficult at the moment.
I'm worried that I might miss a case where the user disconnects randomly and messages are missed.

Something I'm also worried about is that inbetween all these message brokers and servers, a static password set on build time will be used to secure all backend communication and database communication.
I'm worried a bad actor might try to brute force these backend services.
Maybe Azure has some security against it with their enterprise architecture.
I wonder how you might be able to configure an enterprise network to secure it's backend services against bad actors.
Maybe we could have a firewall between the outside and the inside, and ONLY the public API end points can receive packets.
There might be a way to spoof packets through a firewall, but I'm not sure.

Oh right, I also moved all my code to GitHub this week.
I just realized that GitHub private has unlimited free repositories, so I might as well store some of my projects there. 
I'll make the code public once I've reached version 1, where all endpoints are secure and I can deploy it to Azure.

## Plans for This Week

Anyways, I should really learn Redis.
Honstly, I thought I was done learning, but I hit a brick wall.
I need to learn to interact with a Redis database, and while interaction might be simple-ish I think...
Configuring the connection is so difficut, and it doesn't help that Redis is a multi-database system thingy.
Whatever that word for it is.
Searching up issues or how to do anything is a nightmare, though their documentation seems to be well made.
I just don't want to read several articles to get things done.

What's weird is the Java Spring Boot Redis configuration sort of assumes the host is "localhost" and port is I think 3367 or something. 
It's confuses me why MariaDB JDBC information can easily be stored in the ```application.yml```, but it doesn't seem to be the case with Redis. 
At least, as far as all tutorials I've seen so far do, they inject it into a class.

Anyways, I plan on setting up the user request to create a room and heart beat messages between the game server and game server brokers by the end of this week.

## Other Things I Need to Remember to Do

I keep forgetting this, but I was going to do these.
    1) Write NPM library to handle Markdown comments that don't require polyfill, then update this blog to handle it.
    2) Read Machine Learning Book, cause I'm going to be applying to a masters/phd in machine learning/AI.