9|
# New Job, Search Experience, and New Project Direction

_Created: September 18th, 2024_

I got a job! A year + a few months ago from the date of this post. It was at a medium sized federal
contractor. I can't go into the specifics of the job, so this post is more about a reflection of the past
2 years searching and working.

## Job Searching

It all began in June 2022, when I graduated from the University of Washington Bothell with a double major in Mathematics and
Computer Science. I applied to before graduation untill March 2023, where I sorta gave up and started looking for a part time
job. In total, I applied to 188 software jobs. It was a really rough time for me, since I didn't really have any work experience or 
internships. I did manage to get a few interviews during that period. About 6 video call interviews in total. However, I bombed
a majority of them due to bad STAR stories for behavioral interview questions and being unprepared for just leetcode style 
programming problems. 

I started grinding leetcode and practicing behavioral interviews during my time. I got pretty far on the [Grind75](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/grind75),
but it didn't really help me cause I still bombed the Amazon technical interview.

It wasn't untill march, when I got a phone call screen from my current company. 

## Interview Process

The interview was simpler than all the previous interviews I had before. I've failed at the behavioral interview
step, I've failed at the tech screen step, and I bombed at Amazon's final behavioral/technical video call screen. Most 
companies ask STAR questions and do leetcode style programming questions. However, my current company didn't, which
was unusual, but a lot more pleasant.

It began with a phone screen answering simple first year Java textbook questions. Afterwards, I had a take home project
and 2 leetcode easy problems. The take home project was open-ended, so I just made a [calculator app](https://github.com/softpotato/simple-calculator-application-java).
I forgot what the interview questions were, but they were like first year intro programming questions.

## After Working for a Year

Previously, my only experience was working on a small project or working on that website for SQL database normalization. 
A huge struggle for that project was choosing good libraries, figuring out a good backend structure for the data that 
would accomodate for all desired future functionality, and just fleshing things out and getting things working and stable. 

Turns out working at a company, an entry software developer wouldn't normally do this. Maybe as a side project to
create a proof of concept, but definitely not to create a completely new product to be sold on it's own. Most of my
work now is fixing bugs, creating minor features, and maybe (once every half year) work on a major feature. No major refactors. 
No redesigning patterns. Just reading, understanding, and following the patterns. Good patterns are everything in a project. 

I feel a lot more comfortable reading code now, though web UI code is atrocious no matter what. 

## Current Plans for Webpage

I might rewrite this blog. Now that I got money and I can pay for my own web server, I might try hosting it
with my own server or through Azure/AWS/GCP or something. I saw an interesting template made by NextJS that I might just use instead. 
If I do rewrite this webpage, I'll leave this original one as is and add a link to the new webpage. 

I also stopped working on any projects before my job. Moving for the first time in my life was really stressful, and I 
stopped working on anything because I was solely focused on my work. It's calmed down since moving, so I think I might 
start picking something new again. Maybe learn vulkan in C++ or make a rust web server with nextjs front end for a game
server. IDK. Not entirely sure what I'd do, since I'm paralyzed at the option of choice.